It's almost night, Your Majesty, I don't want to be without love,
A man born in heaven is worthy of being a man of thousands of virtues.
It's only so high that God can't do anything about it.
The emperor is no longer standing, come and say.
Father Huanghuang, please channel to sell it for you.
It was not my father who sold me,
A few months ago, did I become bookish?
I have options, but there's no rush.
This does not count,
My father is not like this. The more I write, the more painless and difficult it is.
Nowadays, the entire Taiyuan Hospital is full of people.
Find someone smart first
Let’s look for Huang first.
The emperor becomes a general first
You will replace the emperor in the moonlight
Worked on handling control
You can reach the sky and follow people
Can I really cure my disease?
From Chuping to Zhiyan the Emperor
You are not sick at all
The reason why the emperor does not
Come back as a witch
And this is the rule of law
May the Emperor's Chinese be the same